update windows installation in FLINT dev (#100)
moja-global/moja_global_docs: docs/DevelopmentSetup/windows_installation.rst

   Installing required packages using vcpkg in Command Prompt

Setting up the FLINT development environment
--------------------------------------------
- Clone the FLINT repository in the moja-global folder from `here <https://github.com/moja-global/FLINT>`_
- After cloning the FLINT repository, switch to ``develop`` branch.

.. figure:: ../images/windows_installation/develop_branch.png
   :alt: Develop branch of FLINT
   :width: 600
   :align: center

   Develop Branch of FLINT

-  Start command shell in the FLINT folder of your system and run
   command:

::

   cd FLINT
   git checkout develop

Using cmake to build the project
--------------------------------

.. note::

>    Please make sure that you have checked out to the ``develop`` Branch

Reviewer: This statement seems redundant as the user must have switched the branch in the previous step.

>    Please make sure that you have checked out to the ``develop`` Branch

Reviewer: This statement seems unnecessary as the user must have switched to the `develop` branch already in the previous step.

Author: Shall I add it [here](https://docs.moja.global/en/latest/DevelopmentSetup/git_and_github_guide.html#fork-and-clone-this-project)

Reviewer: Yes! But it seems unnecessary in the Windows Installation guide. 😅
We do not want to confuse the user by breaking the step by step flow.

Author: > Yes! But it seems unnecessary in the Windows Installation guide. 😅
> We do not want to confuse the user by breaking the step by step flow.

Han okay will remove it from the Windows Installation guide!

.. _Vcpkg: ../prerequisites/vcpkg.html
.. _FLINT core repository: https://github.com/moja-global/FLINT

Building the FLINT
===================

> Run a command shell inside the build folder.
> - Open it type ``moja.sln`` in the command prompt while you are in the build folder.
> - This will launch the Visual studio.
> - After Visual Studio has loaded completely move to the Solution Explorer in the top right and expand the **CMakePredefinedTargets** and select **ALL_BUILD**
> - Right click on **ALL_BUILD** and click on **Build** in the menu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run a command shell and navigate to the build folder.
- Type ``moja.sln`` in the command prompt. Visual studio is launched.
- After Visual Studio has loaded completely, move to the Solution Explorer in the top right, expand the **CMakePredefinedTargets** and select **ALL_BUILD**.
- Right click on **ALL_BUILD** and click on **Build** in the menu.
```

.. figure:: ../images/windows_installation/all_build_visual_studio.png
   :alt: ALL_BUILD of Visual Studio
   :width: 600
   :align: center

   Solution Explorer in Visual Studio

> - If the output says Build 7 succeeded tasks as shown in the image below, FLINT has been built successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the output says Build 7 succeeded as shown in the image below, FLINT has built successfully.
```

.. figure:: ../images/windows_installation/successful_build.png
   :alt: Successful Build
   :width: 600
   :align: center

   Successful Build of FLINT

> - To see the freshly compiled FLINT executable open the build folder and in the command prompt  use command ``cd bin\debug``
> - Now, type ``moja.cli`` in the command prompt.
> - You will be able to see this as the output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To see the freshly compiled FLINT executable, open the build folder and in the command prompt type: ``cd bin\debug``.
- Type ``moja.cli`` in the command prompt.
- You see this output:
```
